this is Toronto's plan to massively
increase poverty money is spent by
governments in silence in the shadows
most government decisions are kept out
of the knowledge of the public simply
because there would be outraged if
people actually knew what was taking
place today we will outline to Ronald's
plan to massively increase poverty
increasing taxation and causing the
middle class to evaporate into the pages
of history you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you so let's
get into their plans today and I will
show you all the details you need to
understand why this is the case
beginning with this right here
Tory this is the mayor of Toronto
pitches a $2 Road toll and more as two
hundred million dollar solution so the
mayor of Toronto has suggested that by
adding a toll road onto these two
highways you're going to be able to
raise two hundred million dollars which
is to make up for some of the shortfall
in the transportation here in Toronto
this has been approved by the city of
Toronto it has to go on to further
approvals but at this point it seems to
be nearly unanimous this is quite common
in areas outside of Ontario outside of
Canada driving through the US I've
experienced the toll roads myself but I
never really realized why this was the
case when you already pay so much in
taxation towards the roads specifically
and then you have to pay into that again
when you use it it's like a consumption
tax that you pay every time you go to
buy some
at the store right here they claim that
it will bring in 200 million dollars
they say that it will go directly into
transportation into the roads and be
able to make up for the shortfalls this
is generally overstated as we see any
expenditures that they will need to
incur to make this happen it will of
course overshoot on the budgets and then
the actual rate at which they say they
will bring in that revenue will be lower
okay that's that let's look at this next
article here out of The Globe and Mail
Toronto is one step closer to imposing
road tolls on two major commuter
highways after City Council voted
overwhelmingly in the favor of the
project that was actually 32 to 9 so
right there
this here is being seen as a great way
to bring in more money for the city and
surely it will of course it will divert
a lot of traffic because those
individuals who take the highway will
now decide to take the roads instead
that will add a lot more traffic to the
roads and essentially people will become
frustrated and decide to take public
transit instead this is all part of
agenda 21 or agenda 2030 to try and
bring people into the mega city centers
let's look more into what we have seen
with toll roads one of those being the
407 so we have a major highway here and
this is a the world's first
all-electronic toll road this here was
an expensive project and now is owned
but this is my problem here now it is
owned right here by Sentra Sentra 43%
ownership of this highway when you have
private foreign corporations owning
infrastructure
it becomes a little dangerous that is
very concerning to me you know there
could be holding stake in certain
companies and things could be okay but
when they start owning any foreign
company starts to own your
infrastructure piece by piece
it becomes more dangerous that is very
concerning to me the 4:07 being one and
this could happen with any of the
highways any of the even corporations if
they own land if they start to own
infrastructure basically this is becomes
a very big concern and that is what's
happening right here in Ontario right
now look at this with all the money
being made by the city we have to start
asking questions where is all this
revenue going this right here is the
parking ticket revenues and I want to
pay attention to 2014 specifically this
here I'll highlight it for you
one hundred million dollars generated in
the city of Toronto in 2014 exclusively
on parking tickets think about that for
a second they want to charge everybody
two dollars to use the highway so if
you're going to take the highway to and
from work that's four dollars a day so
that you can drive your car on this
highway when they're already bringing in
a hundred million dollars a year on
parking tickets and it was only I think
it was maybe 2012 when I read you the
documents that said they were upset
because they didn't bring enough revenue
in on the parking tickets where is the
money going when you're talking about
200 million dollars being a solution and
you're already bringing in a hundred
million dollars on parking tickets alone
and this isn't Toronto you know it is a
big city but
a hundred million dollars for a few
million people in the city this here is
a major cash grab for the city and of
course that money is being squandered
look at this you want to talk about
squandering the money talk about the g20
and the g8 if you were around in the
City of Toronto at the time you would
have seen what the government was
spending money on I mean they cordoned
off a huge section had massive security
everywhere they had police down the
streets I actually saw interrogations of
people taking place myself walking down
the street being stared down like I was
a prisoner and that's essentially what
happened to downtown Toronto now look at
the money the squandering they spent 1
point 1 billion dollars hosting the 2010
g8 g20 summit 1.1 billion dollars and
they're trying to tell us that they're
going to work so hard and utilize their
intelligence to charge people two
dollars to take the highways that are
already being paid for they've been
there for a very long time and they're
going to charge people more money on top
of that meanwhile spending a billion
dollars on a g20 g8 summit that nobody
cares about this right here is utter
hypocrisy lies look at this City Council
voted on Wednesday to approve a 10
billion dollar budget for 2016 including
this is earlier this year of course
including a 1.3 percent property tax
hike all right so we have to pay more on
our property taxes year over year you
own that house so you think
paying your property taxes and you'll
see how fast things change let's move on
quickly as you look at this Ontarians
see higher hydro bills as consumption
comes down so you consume less yet you
pay more and that is this new system
where no matter what it is you pay more
and receive less in return
get used to it everyone hears how much
carbon pricing will likely cost
households they did a little review here
and essentially saying that individuals
are going to be charged in order for the
country to reduce its carbon emissions
that's interesting so you already pay
all these taxes federally you pay them
provincially or to your state's you pay
them to your municipalities to your
counties whatever any level that
government that exists you're already
paying different taxes to them and then
on top of that they put in these other
taxes like carbon taxes but they don't
necessarily say that you're not going to
get a bill when you go buy something at
the store and it's you know you get your
provincial tax you get your federal tax
and then you'll see carbon tax no no
it's stuck into the price all of a
sudden you go buy beef and it's $1 more
per pound you ask why has this store
increase their prices that storm doesn't
necessarily have to increase their
prices the price they pay for that beef
might increase because of course we saw
the Articles that when cows pass gas
that in fact causes global warming
therefore you have to pay more for that
piece of that cow this is the backwards
level
that we see in the government's today
food prices will rise in 2017 and it's
good news for local farmers sure prices
rising are good however most of these
industries are subsidized by the
government anyway so we're already
paying into that taxation and people
don't even realize that but that's just
the fact we pay more for electricity we
pay more for food we pay more on our
taxation like property taxes we are
paying for our roads and they wanted
then charge us for every kilometer or
mile driven now that's the new plan is
to disappear the middle class they
wanted to make the middle class a thing
of the past they want you to go in your
textbooks when you're in school and you
flip through the pages and you read a
section about the middle class as if it
was something far back in those pages of
history if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
and last but not least this video being
informative means you will find my book
the money GPS even more informative
I have diagrams I have charts in this
book that will explain this very
complicated subject of economics of
Finance into its most simple form so you
can actually look through the book over
at Amazon they have a look inside
feature which will allow you to flip
through the pages of the book and see if
you like it take care